Who wants to work?
Store Manager
You guys looked at us like thieves the whole time.
And we're going to change clothes
He actually asked us to open the door
Do we have to undress in public?
Are you all perverts?
What's the noise?
We don't have any problems at the radio station.
Two poor losers can't afford anything
You come to our store
Of course I wonder if you're here to steal.
I'm going to search you now
What qualifications do you, a store manager, have to send my god?
Very good. Do you know who I am?
Who is management?
I'm going to search you today
That's right, you two are suspects now
A body search is required
Especially this lady
Even wilder, now take off your clothes
Technical inspection
You can hit me
Nature's child is my brother-in-law
I won't let you go.
Ok wait
I'm craving you now
The clerk said I stole his stuff
And asked to be searched
He also said that his brother-in-law was from the Sheriff's Department
Let me walk around
I'll give you one minute to come over here
Otherwise you'll never show up
Listen to this tone
It seems to be calling our boss.
Hahaha died of laughter
Pretending to look like
The last one who dared to yell at our store manager
Still stepping on the sewing machine at the police station
Young Master